What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we create a repository, the necessary files containing the metadata
to be used for history tracking will be created. We need to init a
repository in order for git to know that we are tracking a specific
directory.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?
We can make sure that we have one commit per logical change by adding
just the necessary files for the single logical change to the staging
area before executing the related commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?
Branches would be helpful whenever we want to make changes that we won't
necessarily include in our main code and we want to test it out without
breaking the main code, such as adding experimental features or adding
another variant of our main code which may or may not be included in our
final code.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams help in the way that they shows us when or where the
branches were created so we have an idea of how the branches are laid
out.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we 
represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging is one branch which contains all the necessary
changes/commits made from the two forming branches. We represent it
in the diagram so that we know the entire history of commits and
to have an idea of the parent commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?
Pros: Git will always detect whether it is possible to do automatic
merging and ask for user response when it isn't, so it is much more
convenient and straightforward compared to always doing merges manually.
Cons: It is possible to make mistakes such as omitting some important lines when two people work on the same files and as a result of
automatic merging, these lines will be omitted and may introduce bugs
that are not immediately apparent to the user. 